= Vim - RDoc

== Description

{RDoc}[http://rdoc.rubyforge.org/] syntax support for
{Vim Editor}[http://www.vim.org/].

RDoc have a support for snippets. Therefore, it's recommended that you use
{SnipMate}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2540] plugin.

== Install

Download the +gzipball+ from
{script homepage}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2878]
and open the package using Vim and use the command `:source %` or run the
following command:

 vim rdoc-<version>.vba.gz +":source %"

Done! All files will be extracted in your Vim home directory.
If you checkout from repository, install using the following commands:

 bake install

The `bake` command is distributed with
{Bash-Toolbox}[http://github.com/codigorama/bash-toolbox/]. This instruction
will be create a Vimball file and install.

== Information

You maybe contributes to source. So, send a feedback in
{issue tracker}[http://github.com/hallison/vim-rdoc/issues].

Vim-RDoc is hosted on following servers:

* {Github}[http://github.com/hallison/vim-rdoc]
* {Codaset}[http://codaset.com/hallison/vim-rdoc]

Visit the
{script homepage}[http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2878]
for more information.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009,2010,2011 Hallison Batista

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

